so that's actually the bluesman that his notes
the ecological mobile that will be released soon
of its peculiarity first of all it's to have the tier 1 packaging is from
reduced size which actually allows during transport in the most
secure
not in the canyon and therefore spend less than that during transport
composed of
of a matter actually did in a year
recycled plastic bottles selebi in five or six that are
recycled
and who do so
the practice
oddo you have a solar panel
23 square centimeters so it's still important enough for a mobile
and that allows you to party first a secondary energy source for
change your mobile
so you still have the charger if a charger says m endemol big
exchanged who is still plugged in they spend less energy than the
other chargers and seen the solar panel it's a complementary charge
so it works
in the light of the sun and also in the artificial light would see many
raise a presentation
3-inch touch screen
3g + wifi
the cpsc
this camera mp3 player
your team iselle
so he still has a lot of confidence and also his
particularities this case a really attractive mobile% especially for
young people looking for touch
and that is also ecological
what you show a small application% ecological
so you have a party
mainly applications so you have a profile echoes if you
actually allows to turn off the wifi
which is also to change the duration of the backlighting which would allow
to save from africa
and you also have to commit them
it's a pedometer
so in fact when you walk worried in your page for example
I'm not going there
but I guarantee you hate it
so when you walk
actually tell your purposes and beforehand to re-record actually the
consumption of your car
This will let you know before
in 2007 for example 150 parent
you have to save to get along is audel compared to what you
have written your car
and then you can turn that into the number of saved trees you have
also a small application maa al to unlock
the screen
no actually to you have a flowing tap so to unlock the screen
it is necessary to stop running tap is not green
all that all this is a sensitized fact e
people are tired of the environment following a concern is over
in more important
to actually find the interface it drunk me so that is the device that
relate to it
on the mobile touch on the entire range of touchscreen mobile then at the level
from the menu
you have germany in three parts
time actually allows it's directly function
without having to make several clips 1 on the functions
to expose it an hour
e in the sunlight where the artificial moon
you may have decreased communication in 3g
and then that also allows that in addition they use pages sometimes like
that and then recharge
here